Changed Magazines to no longer show an exact number of rounds inside, now instead they have a bar to represent a rough amount of bullets.
Moving things in your inventory now plays unique sound effects.

The Medical drops that spawn around the map have been given a small adjustment. For now they are now the only way to find the absolute highest tier weapons in the game, M300S, Kivaaris, M24S, AWMS. ETC.
These guns are incredibly powerful and are now no longer being counted in cargo, hoarder, or even on player.
Instead they're now only being counted in-map and will spawn one every 14 days. (One separately, Not one all-together.) That means You can now POSSIBLY. find 2 m300s, 1 kivaari, 2 awms, and 1 M24 Every 14 days.
The Longer the server stays active with this change the more of these guns will make their way into the hands of players so don't feel too discouraged by long wait times. This also means people hoarding them will no longer be able to keep them out of the economy for others running around trying to find gear for themselves.

Made an AK74U From Sketchfab Use the same UVS as the Vanilla AK74U, Replacing it so I can add my own attachments and proxies to it, giving me complete control over the gun.
Visually should be indistinguishable from vanilla, only a few differences.

^ Means the AKS74-U Now fits DoveTail Rail Attachments like PSO scopes.

Shrunk Tier 4 crate by 25%

Rebalanced every gun in the game to have its real life counterpart 'Rate of Fire' with the exception of the VSS which is retaining its current ROF due to the inclusion of the VAL in both Vanilla 1.11 and our new VAL that is spawning now. (when the new VAL is added i'll change its fire rate to 900)


Polar Bears have been buffed, They now have 2x the health of grizzly bears.
Polar Bear pelts have been added and are worth 1500 each, Making them double the price of normal bear pelts.
Normal Bears now only drop 1 bear pelt per bear instead of 2.

308 changed from 60 to 120 in trader
Hacksaw Price increased to 10k
Bear Trap Price Increased to 500

Removed PVEZ Zombie Mod and Replaced with new personal zombie tweaks.
Overall they should be a little weaker than before but more realistic. No longer can they tank an insane amount of bullets to the chest where any normal human would die.
The opposite is true however with ...our special zombies. if you know what i mean. Those are considerably more tanky than before. making their encounters far more horrifying.

Added Lad's Flashlight Mod!
Featuring a wide variety of flashlights ranging from a Handheld Searchlight to a Elbow Flashlight. Compatible with MMIO, you can craft a flashlight strap to attach to backpacks to help with navigation.
For more information about the mod, get in touch with Lad.

Added Lad's GunMittens to the economy,

Added TraderFixes Mod to the serverpack, Hopefully this will fix issues we've been having with Money not correctly going into your inventory when selling things.